c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.pdb
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.apk
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.pdb
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.pdb
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.apk
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.dll
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.pdb
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.apk
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.Droid-Signed.apk
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.dll
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.pdb
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.dll
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.pdb
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.apk
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\matth\Source\Repos\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
