c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Procos.DataGrid.Droid.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Mono.Android.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\mscorlib.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Procos.DataGrid.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Core.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ObjectModel.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Collections.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Linq.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Threading.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.IO.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Globalization.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ComponentModel.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\matthias.luettgens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid\Procos.DataGrid.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
